Fix bug in Bytes.lastIndexOf when array is empty and position is not 2²⁵⁶-1 (#5797)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/witty-hats-flow.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': patch
---

> `Bytes`: Fix an issue when calling `lastIndexOf(bytes,byte,uint256)` with an empty buffer and a lookup position that is not 2²⁵⁶-1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Bytes`: Fix `lastIndexOf` with empty buffers and finite position to correctly return `type(uint256).max` instead of accessing uninitialized memory sections.
```

Author: ```suggestion
`Bytes`: Fix `lastIndexOf(bytes,byte,uint256)` with empty buffers and finite position to correctly return `type(uint256).max` instead of accessing uninitialized memory sections.
```
